[Discover] Rename Saved Search to Discover Session (#202217)
elastic/kibana: docs/discover/search.asciidoc

[[save-open-search]]
=== Save a Discover Session
A saved Discover Session persists your current view of Discover for later retrieval and reuse. You can reload a saved session into Discover, add it to a dashboard, and use it as the basis for a visualization.

> A saved Discover Session includes the query text, filters, and optionally, the time filter. A saved Discover Session also includes the selected columns in the document table, the sort order, and the current index pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Discover Session includes the query text, filters, and optionally, the time filter. A Discover Session also includes the selected columns in the document table, the sort order, and the current {data-source}.
```
Suggest dropping "saved" for these instances too. Also, unrelated to our work here, but I noticed these docs still refer to "index pattern", so maybe we should update them to "{data-source}" instead?

On a side note, we repeat "Discover Session" a lot in our docs, which reads a bit oddly IMO, but that's a separate issue since it was already written this way.

[role="screenshot"]
image::discover/images/read-only-badge.png[Example of Discover's read only access indicator in Kibana's header]

==== Save a Discover Session
To save the current session:

. Click *Save* in the toolbar.
. Enter a name for the session and click *Save*.

To import, export, and delete saved Discover Sessions, go to the *Saved Objects* management page using the navigation menu or the <<kibana-navigation-search,global search field>>.

==== Open a saved Discover Session
To load a saved session into Discover:

. Click *Open* in the toolbar.
. Select the session you want to open.

> If the saved Discover Session is associated with a different index pattern than is currently
> selected, opening the saved Discover Session changes the selected index pattern. The query language
> used for the saved Discover Session will also be automatically selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the saved Discover Session is associated with a different {data-source} than is currently
selected, opening the saved Discover Session changes the selected {data-source}. The query language
used for the saved Discover Session will also be automatically selected.
```
Just some more index patterns.

I'm also not sure why we have the same content here as on another page, but also a separate issue.

* View the results of the same query in multiple apps
* Share your query

> Saved queries don't include information specific to Discover, such as the currently selected columns in the document table, the sort order, and the index pattern. If you want to save your current view of Discover for later retrieval and reuse, create a <<save-open-search, Discover Session>> instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saved queries don't include information specific to Discover, such as the currently selected columns in the document table, the sort order, and the {data-source}. If you want to save your current view of Discover for later retrieval and reuse, create a <<save-open-search, Discover Session>> instead.
```
